So right here I have the back,
thigh and leg all attached,
and I'm going to separate the thigh
and the leg from the back.
What I like to do first,
I make a small incision
in the middle of the back
and I have to find where the oyster sits.
I can use the tip of my knife to get into
that bone pocket on both sides.
Once I get into the bone pocket,
I put my knife down
and I can use my actual finger to dig out
the oyster that's in that bone pocket
and show you where those oysters sit.
Right in those bone pockets
right there, so it's very important
that you harvest those because it's
the tenderest part of the leg.
So right now, I don't need my knife.
I can just use my hands and you can see
if I hold firmly with my non cutting hand
and with my cutting hand
This bends quite easily
because there's the hip joint.
What I can do is when I hold it,
I'm going to pop it out the other way
and then the hip joint
or the femur comes out of the joint.
And all you have to do here
is just cut on a slight angle
to remove the leg and thigh,
and we're going to do the exact same thing
on the other side so I can hold it firmly
and I'm going to pop it out.
And you can see
comes out of the hip joint.
Take your knife cut on a slight angle
towards the back
and here you have your leg and thigh.
And here
you have your other leg and thigh.
And this is the back.
And here is
where the two oysters were sitting.